the magical backdrop report to Hercule
are the princes palace in Monaco once
again provide a spectacular venue for
the sixth leg for launch in global
Champions Tour from the 25th 27th of
June the three-day piece to world-class
show jumping alongside the world-famous
harbour of Monte Carlo will deliver
fantastic entertainment for all as well
as the tour approaches its halfway point
with Monaco's their own special Sparkle
add it to this jewel the tour the best
international riders and horses will
descend on the Principality to face
challenging technical courses in one of
the smallest arenas on the circus
leading up to the main events of the
launching global champions two weekends
the Prince Albert the second of Monaco
Grand Prix there's much to sample in the
way of glamorous local culture in this
big tiling the city
enchanting Riviera also plays host to
Formula One and ATP Masters tennis is a
hub of sport with many high-profile fans
in attendance over years is highness sir
Prince Albert the second of Monaco and
members of the royal family have joined
business leaders and celebrities alike
the most stage and screen to cheer or
show jumping's best
you
french star Penelope oval thrilled the
home crash with a turbocharged patriotic
victory in can in the last leg of the
long she global champion saw her army of
young plans were ecstatic as she powered
across the finish line in eye-popping
3656 almost a full second ahead of
Swedish champion er off you're a
Bengston aunt kasana asked
was a night of great stories under
multicolored lights of the French
Riviera arena in the overall
championship race Luciana dennis has
dramatically extended her leaves who
were in that competition finished third
unfit for fun Luciana is now 160 points
a full 50 points ahead of a nearest
rival pierce pizza 110 and Scott rash in
surg 105
all the sporting action takes place in
the unique kareena in Monaco in this
spectacular harbour setting the push a
lot of shares steep ramparts to the
center of old Monte Carlo last year's
winner Bassam hassan muhammad took at
our eSports into a new era who will
reign in victory in the principality in
you